OK we are back and we're talking about how to write SU friendly stuff.
We've mentioned how important quality content is along with your audience and the structure of your
post.
Now let's talk about where key words fit into this whole bigger picture.
Thanks to your keyword research you should have a five to 10 key word phrases that you really think
are good opportunities and you want to try and rank for them.
Now each time you write something.
Try to find a spot to use one or two of those key word phrases.
Don't try to stuff all ten in each post.
Stay focused and write with a purpose but keep these keywords in the back of your mind.
Now the result is that they should appear.
Naturally if you're writing in a natural conversational way you keep looking for excuses to object.
Another key word.
Well it'll sound unnatural and people won't like it as much with keywords in mind.
Here's a few specific things you should try to do every time.
The first one is if you can fit one of your keywords in your title that is ideal.
Now that means the keyword should appear in each one as well as your title and hopefully as well as
your you are l.
Now if you do there it will give your page a decent SBO boost especially if you're specifically going
for that keyword.
There are two of your key words appear naturally in the body of your post.
That's also good as well but don't force it.
Google generally knows what a relevant keyword density is supposed to look like so keyword density.
You know if your search term is bake pie it'll look at how many times has a big pie in the article and
no actually no.
Well a good article should only say at about 3 percent of the time or 4 percent of the time.
If you're running you're saying bake pie.
25 percent of the time then clearly you're written by bought and you get penalized.
Remember that Google is just getting smarter and smarter all the time.
Soon it will be Skynet.
But for now just assume it's smarter than you.
Number three is Google also understands more and more synonyms in like terms for keywords.
They after all have billions of search data so they can tell what people consider are related to one
another.
Google knows that BBQ for example is the same as barbecue's spelled out where the Christmas lights are
also known as string lights.
It's easier to repeat a term sometimes used synonyms in alternative terms or for them instead.
Throughout your post and now I mentioned before a little bit of a keyword density with Takada a little
bit more keyword density is the percentage that tells you how many words in your post are devoted to
a specific keyword.
Now years ago the ideal percentage of a keyword density was really hotly debated.
But these days the experts actually openly wonder if the number has Rizzi any relevance at all.
I mentioned Google is much smarter and can index a page.
Look at the tax code and basically understand what a page is all about.
Now a lot of rescue experts believe the number of times you use a keyword depost shouldn't be defined
by a percentage but rather by how important it is to what you're writing.
So if you write in a natural conversational tone key word will keep popping up like every few words
that Viagra would get Viagra.
Pretty annoying Viagra really fast Viagra $10 pills.
You must agree.
So with many topics in Osseo it's all kind of debatable right.
So it used to be a case that everybody would just make sure they get a certain percentage of the keyword
in your post.
Now some people don't use percentages anymore but google for the most part knows what the percentage
should be.
I still use it because it keeps track of my forcing it or not because sometimes that percentage will
actually tell me before I actually notice it in my writing.
Anyway back to your post.
Let's not forget about that title.
Now the title of your post is that major ranking factor and we mentioned in the previous lecture.
Well here's a quick reminder of some of the tips we mentioned before make the title clear and to make
it accurate you've got to make it unique as well as try to keep it under 60 to 65 characters but don't
feel like you have to make your title generic or too simple.
In fact a creative title can be a huge attraction for people when they're considering which link to
click or article to read.
Use your title to spur some interest in what your post is all about.
What say you have a post about your opinion of the best ways to manage a project with virtual coworkers.
Maybe your first title idea is how to manage a project with virtual coworkers.
Nothing wrong with that of course but to make your title more interesting you could try one of these
ideas.
You could try promising results how to manage virtual projects and get awesome results.
You could create a little bit of drama.
Why.
I completely changed the way I manage virtual projects or maybe emphasize a key detail got virtual coworkers
managing projects just got easier.
Now these are all variations of the same idea but depending on what you're trying to make people think
a different kind of title can make a different impression.
All right.
Now here's a few more thoughts on writing and generating SBO value.
Write and publish articles and posts consistently.
If possible try to make a schedule and stick to it.
We talked about this back in content marketing we talked about the content calendar and your publishing
cadence each time you write try to create something that's original.
Now it's nearly impossible to create something totally new these days.
I know but on your site for your readers each time you post you at least be giving them something new
to consume and to act on.
And if it's the same thing give it a new angle or for a new type of person.
Now don't copy other people's stuff but also don't cannibalize your own content have too much overlap
between your post and your post in advance to make sure you're not taking away from a past post or something
already be written.
Try to fan yourself out a little bit and I don't mean running about anything that comes to mind but
just make sure that you know if you're running a productivity you don't just write a bunch of generic
ones on how to increase productivity six ways to improve productivity 10 ways to improve productivity
improvement productivity actually get into the details and by choosing specific ways of doing it titling
it that way.
Well then you can actually stop yourself from cannibalizing.
Thing is to make it easy to share your content.
Now whether you add share buttons or explicitly write something at the end of your post like please
share me encourage readers to share your stuff.
More shares actually can lead to more links and traffic which improves your Cascio value is actually
twofold fold right so people can click it and share it.
Which means more free traffic Google will notice that and be like hey this is more popular must be better
in general now.
Google looks for pages that are more socially plugged and they look for pages that get shares and promote
sharing on their page.
It's just one of the things they look for and the more modern algorithm updates.
All right so in this lecture we mentioned a lot of different ways to write SEO friendly content.
You have to consider the overall structure of your piece and how each piece is presented and organized.
To think of your audience and what they want and expect as well as your own identity and personality.
There are fine details to consider as well.
The title the code and the keywords but in the end you really just want to create something substantial
that only helps your reader but demands to be shared.
Set your goals high each time you write you want to get ranked for keywords and provide something with
significant SU value.
Well you write pieces that appeal to an audience and impresses them make sense.
Probably not.
Yes.
I don't know.
OK well we're going to put this to the test in our next lecture when we try some of these best practices
for writing content.
All right I'll see you then.